Content
INDICATION:     .

COMPARISON:  None available.

TECHNIQUE:  The patient was given Citra Select barium sulfate suspension orally. After a 45 minute delay, scans were obtained through the abdomen and pelvis following IV contrast infusion. Coronal and axial reformat images were included. CT scan done according to ALARA (As Low As Reasonably Achievable).

CONTRAST:  100 mL of Optiray (350 mg/mL) single-use vial was administered IV with 0 mL discarded. 

Prior known CT or cardiac nuclear medicine studies performed in the last 12 months: 0

FINDINGS:

Lung bases:  Clear.

Liver and spleen:  Normal size. No mass.

Gallbladder:  No calcified stones or wall thickening identified.

Bile ducts:  No biliary dilatation.

Pancreas:  No mass or enlargement. No pancreatic fluid collections.

Adrenals and kidneys:  No adrenal masses. Normal renal contours. No cysts. No stones identified. No hydronephrosis.

Abdominal aorta:  No aneurysm.

Lymph nodes:  No adenopathy.

Bowel and mesentery:      There is a normal appearance of the stomach. No areas of bowel wall thickening or abnormal bowel wall enhancement are noted. Appendix is    .

Peritoneal cavity:  No ascites.

Pelvic structures:  No significant findings.

Abdominal wall:  No masses or hernias.

Skeletal structures:  No significant findings.

IMPRESSION:  

CT of the abdomen and pelvis, with CT enterography, is within normal limits.


Prompt
1. Put findings/input data and modify the included template.   Stay with the template format and style.

2.  Summarize the impression without adding measurements on findings. Don't duplicate findings word for word.

3.  Add clinical indication if given in input in the INDICATION section.

4.  Add COMPARISON study if given in input in the Comparison section.

5.  Keep double line spacing.

6. Include staement "Prior known CT or cardiac nuclear medicine studies performed in the last 12 months: [0]."

7. Do not add word history, use indication: 

8. If this is included, add to technique and do not remove:  "Venipuncture was performed and IV access was obtained. Prior to contrast administration, blood was drawn from the IV port for I-STAT analysis to monitor renal function due to the patient's kidney disease or diabetes requiring medication and absence of recent lab studies. I-STAT: Cr: [] mg/dL; calculated GFR [] mL/min." 

9. Dont add postdurgical changes or hardware or non-pertinent findings to the impression.

10. Do not use "EXAM" as title. Use "INDICATION"  as detailed in template. Adhere to the template. 

11.  Use single line spacing.
